release: v1.60.0 (#6647)
apollographql/router: .changesets/maint_simon_unbridge.md

### Remove the legacy query planner ([PR #6418](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6418))

> The legacy query planner has been removed in this release. In the previous release, Router 1.58, it was already no longer used by default but it was still available through the `experimental_query_planner_mode`  configuration key. That key is now removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The legacy query planner has been removed in this release. In the previous release, router v1.58, it was no longer used by default but was still available through the `experimental_query_planner_mode` configuration key. That key is now removed.
```
